docs(channels): web.md update (#4517)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/channels/web.md

You will see the page when starting a new conversation. The page is always accessible by clicking on the information icon in the top right corner of the chat window.

> **\*\*** We edited the `global` configuration file for the sake of simplicity. To enable the bot information page on a single bot, visit that bot's studio UI and select **config** (the last icon on the left-side menu with a cog).

## Show and hide automatically

> If the default Botpress button doesn't work for you, pass the `hideWidget` key to your `init` function. By so doing, the default chat button will not show up on your website.

Reviewer: By Botpress Button what do we mean exactly? The webchat icon found at the bottom right corner of a website? @Michael-N-M

```html
<script>
  window.botpressWebChat.init({ host: '<your-url-here>', botId: '<your-bot-id>', hideWidget: true })
</script>
```

> You can then add a `click` event listener to any element on your web page. Below is a code sample showing how to add event listeners to your custom elements.

Reviewer: Why did you choose to leave it here rather the ''events available'' section? Perhaps the whole show and hide section should be under ''events available''? @Michael-N-M

      })
```

### Obtaining visitor's User ID

The most widely used object property under events is `userId`. It fetches the current visitor ID to either save it in your database or update some Botpress DB attributes.

Since the webchat is running in an iframe, posting messages can achieve communication between frames. The chat will dispatch an event when a user id is set. You can listen for this event on your page.

```js
window.addEventListener('message', message => {
  if (message.data.userId) {
    console.log(`The User ID is ` + message.data.userId)
    //Add code to use the user ID here
  }
})
```

## Runtime configurations
The method `window.botpressWebChat.configure` allows you to change the chat's configuration during a conversation without having to reload the page. 

The example below shows how you can change the chatbot's language to French when you click `change-lang-bp` on your website. 

```js
      document.getElementById('change-lang-bp').addEventListener('click', function() {
        lastConfig.locale = 'fr'
        window.botpressWebChat.configure(lastConfig)
      })
```

## Advanced Customization

> All messages which the bot sends to a user consist of a `payload`. That payload has a `type` property that tells the webchat how the other information included on that payload should be rendered on screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All messages sent to a user consist of a `payload`. That payload has a `type` property that tells the webchat how the payload should render on the screen.
```

> All messages which the bot sends to a user consist of a `payload`. That payload has a `type` property that tells the webchat how the other information included on that payload should be rendered on screen.

Reviewer: Should this section have a title? Sending a Custom Payload to a User? or something else more appropriate maybe?

> ##### Using a Button Keyboard

Reviewer: Not sure the heading level is correct. Should be a 4 I think

```suggestion
#### Using a Button Keyboard
```
